fix(on-prem): add missing kubeconfig parameter in the ansible command (#348)
sighupio/fury-distribution: docs/releases/unreleased.md

- [[#334](https://github.com/sighupio/fury-distribution/pull/334)] **Fix to policy module templates**: setting the policy module type to `gatekeeper` and the `additionalExcludedNamespaces` option for Kyverno at the same time resulted in an error do to an bug in the templates logic, this has been fixed.
- [[#336](https://github.com/sighupio/fury-distribution/pull/336)] **Fix race condition when deleting Kyverno**: changing the policy module type from `kyverno` to `none` could, sometimes, end up in a race condition where the API for ClusterPolicy CRD is unregistered before the deletion of the ClusterPolicy objects, resulting in an error in the deletion command execution. The deletion command has been tweaked to avoid this condition.
- [[#344](https://github.com/sighupio/fury-distribution/pull/344)] **Fix Cidr Block additional firewall rule in EKS Cluster**: remove the limitation to have a single CIDR Block additional firewall rule as the EKS installer supports a list.

> - [[#348](https://github.com/sighupio/fury-distribution/pull/348)] **Fix `Get previous cluster configuration`** Ansible task: add the `--kubeconfig` parameter in the `ansible.builtin.command` that points to the appropriate kubeconfig file.

Reviewer: Remember that this is a user-facing documentation, for the technical implementations details you can check the linked PR.

I suggest changing to something like the following:
```suggestion
- [[#348](https://github.com/sighupio/fury-distribution/pull/348)] **Fix `Get previous cluster configuration` failure on first apply**: fixed an issue on `furyctl apply` for on-premises clusters that made it fail with an `ansible-playbook create-playbook.yaml: command failed - exit status 2` error on the very first time it was executed.
```
